chore(release): prepare for v1.2.0 release (#291)
dynatrace-oss/dynatrace-mcp: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased Changes

## 1.2.0

> **Note**: This release contains updates to vulnerable 3rd-party librarlies `@modelcontextprotocol/sdk` (CVE-2026-0621) as wel as `qs` (CVE-2025-15284). We advise to upgrade to this release as soon as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: This release contains updates to vulnerable 3rd-party libraries `@modelcontextprotocol/sdk` (CVE-2026-0621) as well as `qs` (CVE-2025-15284). We advise to upgrade to this release as soon as possible.
```

**Highlights**

- 📚 New Tool `create_notebook` allows to share findings with colleagues (using DQL statements and markdown tiles)

### Tools

- Added `timeframe` parameter to `list_vulnerabilities` tool, enabling flexible time ranges (e.g., "12h", "24h", "7d", "30d", "90d"). Default: "30d".
- Added `timeframe` parameter to `get_kubernetes_events` tool, enabling flexible time ranges (e.g., "12h", "24h", "7d", "30d"). Default: "24h".
- Added `create_notebook` tool to share findings with colleagues

### Scopes

- Added document management scopes: `document:documents:read` and `document:documents:write` to support document operations

### Misc

- Fixed retry logic that attempts up to 3 different ports (5344-5349 range) when EADDRINUSE errors occur for OAuth callback

> - Upgraded `@modelcontextprotocol/sdk` to 1.25.2

Author: Looks like depend-a-bot tricked me ... I'll update it.
